How to Make Pelmeni Using a Pelmeni Mold
Below, find a quick overview of how to make these traditional Russian dumplings using a specialized mold.

Roll the Dough Out: With a rolling pin, roll out a flat piece of dough and place it on a well-floured pelmeni mold. Fill each hole with the meat mixture. Next, roll out another piece of dough and lay it directly on top of the first.
Shape the Dumplings: Using a rolling pin, roll over the top dough several times until each dumpling is separated.
Flip the Mold: Flip the mold over and gently shake the raw dumplings out. Dust them with flour and freeze them for later or cook them straight away!

How to Make Pelmeni by Hand
If you don’t have a mold or prefer the true classic pelmeni, find a brief overview of how to shape the dumplings by hand.

Roll the Dough Out: Using a rolling pin, roll out the dough into a flat piece. Next, use a circular cookie cutter to cut out small circles from the dough.
Shape the Dumplings: Top each dough circle with a spoonful of the meat mixture. Fold over the sides to create a half-moon shape. Next, pinch the pointy edges together, securing them tightly with your fingers. Dust with flour and freeze for later or boil to eat straight away!

Serving Pelmeni
Pelmeni can be served as a meal all on their own or as an appetizer dish before a traditional Russian meal of cabbage rolls and cream mushroom potatoes. They are delicious eaten plain or topped with sour cream, melted butter, and fresh dill.

Storing Pelmeni
Refrigerator: Store leftover dumplings in an airtight container in the refrigerator. They should keep for up to a week.
Freezer: To freeze raw dumplings, generously coat each dumpling in flour. Place them on a baking sheet dusted with flour and pop it into the freezer for a couple of hours or until the dumplings are completely frozen. Transfer the dumplings to a freezer-safe bag and store them for up to 3 months.

--------------------------------------------

Capitalist Books to read next year:

1. Moby-Dick 
2. The Call of the Wild
3. Odyssey
4. Into the Wild 
5. Treasure Island
6. The Hobbit
7. Into Thin Air: A Personal Account of the Mt. Everest Disaster
8. Around the World in Eighty Days 
9. Gulliver’s Travels 
10. King Solomon’s Mines

--------------------------------------------

passw hint: daughter + restaurant (no caps one word) 
ccrypt and ccdecrypt

--------------------------------------------

Watch movies:

https://www.goodhousekeeping.com/life/entertainment/g38502957/best-movies-2022/
https://time.com/6128229/most-anticipated-movies-2022/

The 355 

Release Date: January 7, 2022

Named after a female spy during the Revolutionary War, The 355 follows a group of international agents — all women — who band together to track down a dangerous mercenary with a powerful weapon. The cast brings together a set of amazing actresses, including Jessica Chastain, Lupita Nyong’o, Diane Kruger, Penelope Cruz and Fan Bingbing.



